Placer -
Railings -
Lead Ropes -

Placer:

	Places Blocks, Blocks with Entities but Not Inventories, and items with placement behavior such as:
		Boats
		Buckets of Liquid ( ? Shouldn't be able to pick up liquid with empty bucket ? )
		Spawn Eggs
		Possible mod item groups

	Has the ability to place blocks above or below a block when facing upwards or downwards while facing into a block that doesn't..
	..have a cuboid model of y16 or greater. The purpose:
		Plant seeds on Farmland by having the Placer face up into it from below,
		Suddenly manifest walls from under layers of Snow or Slabs,
		Hidden lava traps with zero indication of redstonage.
	
	Has a vent on opposite face of facing:
		When blocked by full block face hitbox:
			Placement fails with a click but no particles
			
		When placement of block is successful and vent not blocked:
			Creates a puff of smoke from the vent since smoke cannot come out of the front.
		
		When placement of placement behavior item:
			Creates two puffs of smoke, one with default world dispenser behavior and..
			..the other with custom Placer smoke behavior.
			
		When no items are inside and vent isn't blocked:
			Custom placer smoke behavior. Useful cosmetically for city sewage vents producing smoke..
			..like in 2000's Batman movies.
	
	Optional built-in resourcepack to replace annoying clicks with puffing sounds.


Railings:
	Cosmetic block with unique placement mechanics. Visually and physically the model..
	..exists inbetween blocks. Four railings can be placed around a singular block, and..
	..two railings cannot take up the same between-block position.
	
	Railings are stored in a Railing_Collection block, similar to Flower Patch, but with extra quirks:
		- 4 railings are placeable in a collection.
		- Collections check for other collections, so if a collection attempts to place a railing..
		..where another collection has a railing in that face, it will fail.
	
	Blocks cannot be placed in the space that the railings is inbetween. For example:
		b = block;
		b1.pos == 1,70,1
		b2.pos == 2,70,1
		A collection block can be on either, and a railing is either left or right facing depending on..
		..where the collection is. No blocks can be placed on either space, whether there is a collection..
		..block, regular block, entity, or whatever, it will not be permitted. Likely, this functionality..
		..will have to be implemented via mixin injection to a modded method.
		Cheap, just check if there are collection blocks on each adjacent horizontal block. instanceof supremacy
		
	If a block that a collection is on breaks, the collection will break and migrate any railings to..
	..adjacent collections. Collections break on pull-out like item scatter in lootables.
	
	Railings can be broken depending on where the player is looking at the collection:
		Inside at a face -> if (hit 
			Mine, faster with pickaxe, correct breaking texture mapped to model, drop railing there.
		Outside:
			Much more complicated
	
	
	
